Queue the graduation music, you've made it to the
end of the course. Congrats, it's been
a long journey and you should feel really
excited for making it here. By now, you're much
more familiar with the operating system and the many different tasks that you can accomplish using Python. You know how to create, change, and delete
files and directories. You know how to process text
with regular expressions both with Python and
with system tools. You've learned how
to interact with system processes by starting them and sending signals to them. You've got some experience
with automatically testing your code to make sure that
it does what it should. You've dipped your toes into some Bash scripting and
you've topped all of this off by solving a complex real-world problem
with the coding road. I hope that you had a
lot of fun getting here. The most fun and
rewarding part of my job as a system administrator, is getting the code to work. Sometimes the path to
accomplish what you want isn't straightforward
and inevitably, you're going to
make some mistakes. But there's nothing
like the moment of clarity you get when you
spot the change that you need to make so that
everything works like magic, huge win. The first automation
script that I ever wrote was for a
previous job I had. We had a handful of servers, and on a monthly basis, we would manually
archives some files, check for updates and install
them if there were any. It was a pretty repetitive task and not the best use of our time. After the second round of
going through this process, I wrote a script that automated all these steps in
the same order. I also created a log file of
what the script was doing. It was so satisfying to execute
the code and see it work. I hope you have lots of
opportunities to share that same feeling. All right. I had a real blast spending this time with you and
sharing a little bit of my story and my passion for
IT and system administration. It isn't easy to learn
some of these concepts, so thank you for
sticking with it. On behalf of my colleagues
who you've met, or who you'll meet
in other courses, we'd like to say good
luck and we hope to see you out there in the world putting your new
skills into action.